---
title: 0919-女王凉了后的大罂
titleTag: 原创
categories: 
  - 02-英语生肉翻译
tags: 
  - 英语学习
author: 
  name: TommyZeng
  link: https://github.com/tommyzeng777
date: 2022-09-20 00:42:14
permalink: /pages/efa2cd/
---

## Sep.19 · 2022

**The queen, the media and changing times**

**女王，媒体和变化中的时代**

<br>

One of the biggest challenges of covering Elizabeth's life and reign has long involved balancing admiration for her sense of public duty with the changing attitudes toward the monarchy.<!-- more -->
>长久以来，报道伊丽莎白的生活和统治的最大的挑战就在于长期涉及到需要平衡对她的公共责任感的钦佩和对君主制度态度的变化。
>
>covering Elizabeth：报道伊丽莎白
>
>long involved：长期涉及
>
>admiration：钦佩
>
>monarchy：君主制度
>
>reign：统治



Of course, in the wake of the death of such a figure, the impetus is all the more compelling to only bring praise. But media generally found ways to sing her praises while not ignoring criticism of her family.


CNN correspondent Scott McLean interviewed a young woman standing outside Windsor Castle.


"I think it is pretty sad, " the woman said. "You wouldn't want that to happen to your own family member. But I'm not like the biggest fan of the queen or the monarchy in general. So, I'm not that upset or overwhelmed by it." The woman cited "British colonial history" and the allegations of sexual misconduct by Prince Andrew as her reasons.


The interview quickly lost in a tidal wave of pundit praise and interviewees saying how profoundly sad they were at the passing of someone they came to think of as an island of tradition and stability in an era of disruption and conflict. But that voice needed to be part of the coverage.


Katty Kay, a BBC Studios correspondent, explained why she thought her channel and others around the world went to rolling coverage of Elizabeth's death. "She was the constant, reassuring presence in an ever-changing world."


Saying her words were not meant to "canonize" the queen, Kay added, "There were mistakes that were made. The death of Diana stands out as the biggest one." But, Kay concluded, "She won the trust of her subjects and she kept the trust of her subjects for 70 years...that is a remarkable feat."
