---
title: 1002-印尼球迷暴乱已导致174人死亡
titleTag: 原创
categories: 
  - 英语学习
tags: 
  - 外文翻译
author: 
  name: TommyZeng
  link: https://github.com/tommyzeng777
date: 2022-10-02 19:28:35
permalink: /pages/932053/
---

Death toll in Indonesian football stampede reaches 174
Xinhua
Updated: Oct 2, 2022

A police officer ties a rope on the wreckage of a burned car outside the Kanjuruhan Stadium in Malang of East Java province, Indonesia, Oct 2, 2022. [Photo/Xinhua]
JAKARTA - The death toll in a crowd stampede at a football match in Indonesia's East Java province has reached 174 as of Sunday afternoon, according to the province's deputy governor Emil Dardak.

Dardak told local media that he received the data from eight hospitals currently treating the victims of the incident, adding that more than 180 people were wounded.

The tragedy occurred on Saturday night at the Kanjuruhan Stadium in Malang of Indonesia's East Java province, right after Arema Malang club lost to Persebaya Surabaya in an Indonesian league football match.

Local media reported that supporters of the losing home team climbed over the fence and entered the football pitch, resulting in clashes with police and a stampede.

Reports said riot police fired tear gas at people, which caused panic among crowds. People rushed to leave the stadium, leading to a stampede at an exit gate.

Indonesian President Joko Widodo has instructed the Indonesian police to conduct an investigation into the incident and ordered a full evaluation on security procedures for football matches.

Two policemen were among the killed in the incident, Provincial police chief Nico Afinta said.

Afinta said preliminary findings showed that most of the deaths were due to the stampede, while other people may have died because of breathing difficulties.

"Around 34 people died inside the stadium and the rest died in hospital," Afinta said.

Indonesian Youth and Sports Minister Zainudin Amali apologized for the incident, said authorities will investigate into the clashes and reassess the organizers' management and security measures at the Indonesian football tournament.

If you have any problems with this article, please contact us at app@chinadaily.com.cn and we'll immediately get back to you.