---
title: Reading DATABASE Cambridge 5
date: 2024-02-22 23:28:14
permalink: /pages/7017df/
categories:
  - 英语学习
  
tags:
  - 雅思考试攻略
author: 
  name: TommyZeng
  link: https://tommyzeng.com/pages/1b697e/
---





## Reading Database T1P1

one function of the dictionary was to enable its student to convey an impression of fine learning.

> to convey an impression



Beyond the practical need to make order out of chaos

> practical need



who were anxious to define and circumscribe the various worlds to conquer- lexical as well as social and commercial.

> as well as social and commercial.



His approach to the problems that had worried writers throughout the late seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries was intensely practical. 

> His approach
>
> to the problems
>
> was intensely practical. 



Johnson decided he did not need an academy to settle arguments about language.

> to settle arguments





He was to be paid ￡1,575 in instalments, and from this he took money to rent 17 Gough Square, in which he set up his 'dictionary workshop'.

>be paid ￡1,575 in instalments



James Boswell, his biographer, described the garret where Johnson worked as 'fitted up like a counting house' with a long desk running down the middle at which the copying clerks would work standing up. 

>described the garret
>
>fitted up like a counting house
>
>copying clerks would work standing up



Unlike his predecessors, Johnson treated English very practically, as a living language, with many different shades of meaning. 

> Unlike his predecessors
>
> with many different shades of meaning. 



He adopted his definitions on the principle of English common law-according to precedent. After its publication, his Dictionary was not seriously rivalled for over a century.

> He adopted his definitions on
>
> the principle of English common law-according
>
> to precedent
>
> seriously rivalled



After many vicissitudes the Dictionary was finally published on 15 April 1775

> vicissitudes 



The fact that Johnson had taken on the Academies of Europe and matched them (everyone knew that forty French academics had taken forty years to produce the first French national dictionary) was cause for much English celebration.

> had taken on
>
> the Academies of Europe 
>
> and matched them
>
> was cause for much English celebration.



It took into account subtleties of meaning.

> account subtleties of



Johnson had worked for nine years, 'with little assistance of the learned, and without any patronage of the great; not in the soft obscurities of retirement, or under the shelter of academic bowers, but amidst inconvenience and distraction, in sickness and in sorrow'.

> with little assistance of the learned
>
> without any patronage of the great
>
> not in the soft obscurities of retirement
>
> or under the shelter
>
> of academic bowers
>
> amidst inconvenience and distraction



It is the cornerstone of Standard English, an achievement which, in James Boswell's words, 'conferred stability on the language of his country'.

> conferred stability on the language of his country



Johnson had been planning to write a dictionary for several years.

> several years.



Johnson only received payment for his Dictionary on its completion.

> on its completion.



It was famous because of the large number of people involved.

> of people involved



It focused mainly on language from contemporary texts

> from contemporary texts





## Reading Database T1P2

**Nature or Nurture?**



A few years ago, in one of the most fascinating and disturbing experiments in behavioral psychology, Stanley Milgram of Yale University tested 40 subjects from all walks of life for their willingness to obey instructions given by a 'leader' in a situation in which the subjects might feel a personal distaste for the actions they were called upon to perform.

> most fascinating and disturbing
>
> willingness to obey instructions given 
>
> they were called upon to perform



Specifically, Milgram told each volunteer 'teacher-subject' that the experiment was in the noble cause of education, and was designed to test whether or not punishing pupils for their mistakes would have a positive effect on the pupils' ability to learn.

> in the noble cause of education
>
> whether or not 



he supposed 'pupil' was in reality an actor hired by Milgram to simulate receiving the shocks by emitting a spectrum of groans, screams and writhings together with an assortment of statements and expletives denouncing both the experiment and the experimenter.

> emitting a spectrum of groans
>
> screams and writhings together
>
> with an assortment of statements and expletives
>
> denouncing both the experiment and the experimenter.



beginning at the lowest level and increasing in severity with each successive wrong answer.

>  in severity with each successive



As the experiment unfolded	

The teacher-subjects were instructed to	





As the experiment unfolded, the pupil would deliberately give the wrong answers to questions posed by the teacher, thereby bringing on various electrical punishments, even up to the danger level of 300 volts and beyond. 

> would deliberately give



Many of the teacher-subjects balked at administering the higher levels of punishment, and turned to Milgram with questioning looks and or complaints about continuing the experiment.

> balked at administering the higher levels of punishment



underestimated the teacher-subjects' willingness to comply with experimental procedure.

> underestimated
>
> to comply with experimental procedure



One's first inclination might be to argue that there must be some sort of built-in animal aggression instinct that was activated by the experiment, and that Milgram's teacher-subjects were just following a genetic need to discharge this pent-up primal urge onto the pupil by administering the electrical shock.

> first inclination
>
> to argue that
>
> some sort of built-in animal aggression instinct
>
> discharge this pent-up primal urge





## Reading Database T1P3

choose NO if the statement contradicts the claims of the writer,

> statement
>
> contradicts
>
> the claims of the writer



Environmentalists take a pessimistic view of the world for a number of reasons.

> take a pessimistic view of



The number of starving people in the world has increased in recent years.

> starving people



They have developed a hit-list of our main fears

> a hit-list of



What aspect of scientific research does the writer express concern about in paragraph 4?

> aspect of
>
> writer express concern 



First, energy and other natural resources have become more abundant, not less so, since the book 'The Limits to Growth' was published in 1972 by a group of scientists.

> more abundant
>
> not less so
>
> The Limits to Growth



Second, more food is now produced per head of the world's population than at any time in history

>food 
>
>produced per head of



Third, although species are indeed becoming extinct, only about 0.7% of them are expected to disappear in the next 50 years, not 25-50%, as has so often been predicted

> expected to
>
> been predicted



And finally, most forms of environmental pollution either appear to have been exaggerated, or are transient - associated with the early phases of industrialization and therefore best cured not by restricting economic growth, but by accelerating it. 

> are transient
>
> associated with
>
> and therefore best cured

One form of pollution - the release of greenhouse gases that causes global warming - does appear to be a phenomenon that is going to extend well into our future, but its total impact is unlikely to pose a devastating problem. 

> is going to
>
> a devastating problem

A bigger problem may well turn out to be an inappropriate response to it.

> well turn out to be
>
> inappropriate response 



Yet opinion polls suggest that many people nurture the belief that environmental standards are declining and four factors seem to cause this disjunction between perception and reality.

> opinion poll
>
> suggest
>
> nurture the belief
>
> cause this disjunction
>
> perception and reality.



One is the lopsidedness built into scientific research. Scientific funding goes mainly to areas with many problems. That may be a wise policy, but it will also create an impression that many more potential problems exist than is the case.

> lopsidedness



The writer quotes from the Worldwide Fund for Nature to illustrate how

> quotes from
>
> to illustrate how



Secondly, environmental groups need to be noticed by the mass media. They also need to keep the money rolling in. Understandably, perhaps, they sometimes overstate their arguments. In 1997, for example, the World Wide Fund for Nature issued a press release entitled: 'Two-thirds of the world's forests lost forever'. The truth turns out to be nearer 20%.

> to be noticed
>
> mass media
>
> keep the money rolling in
>
> Understandably
>
> overstate their arguments
>
> issued a press release
>
> entitled



The writer quotes from the Worldwide Fund for Nature to illustrate how influential the mass media can be.

> how influential the mass media can be.



Though these groups are run overwhelmingly by selfless folk, they nevertheless share many of the characteristics of other lobby groups. 

> overwhelmingly
>
> selfless folk
>
> nevertheless 
>
> lobby groups



That would matter less if people applied the same degree of skepticism to environmental lobbying as they do to lobby groups in other fields. 

> would matter less
>
> applied the same degree
>
> skepticism
>
> environmental lobbying



A trade organization arguing for, say, weaker pollution controls is instantly seen as self-interested. 

>arguing for
>
>seen as self-interested

Yet a green organization opposing such a weakening is seen as altruistic, even if an impartial view of the controls in question might suggest they are doing more harm than good.

> seen as altruistic
>
> an impartial view of
>
> doing more harm than good



A third source of confusion is the attitude of the media. People are clearly more curious about bad news than good.

> confusion
>
> curious



Newspapers and broadcasters are there to provide what the public wants. That, however, can lead to significant distortions of perception.



An example was America's encounter with El Niño in 1997 and 1998. This climatic phenomenon was accused of wrecking tourism, causing allergies, melting the ski-slopes and causing 22 deaths. However, according to an article in the Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society, the damage it did was estimated at US 4 billion but the benefits amounted to some US ​19 billion. These came from higher winter temperatures (which saved an estimated 850 lives, reduced heating costs and diminished spring floods caused by meltwaters).

> climatic phenomenon
>
> accused of wrecking tourism, causing allergies
>
> melting the ski-slopes and causing 22 deaths
>
> estimated at 













## Reading Database T2P1

### 题目部分

Some plastics behave in a similar way to **candlewax** in that they melt under heat and can be moulded into new forms.

> Some plastics behave in a similar way to **candlewax** 



the ease with which the resin could fill the mould

> ease
>
> the resin could fill the mould



the facility with which the object could be removed from the mould

> the facility with 





### 正文部分

His invention, which he named 'Bakelite', was of enormous technological importance, and effectively launched the modern plastics industry.

> of enormous technological importance
>
> and effectively launched the modern plastics industry.



The term 'plastic' comes from the Greek plassein, meaning 'to mould'.

> Greek plassein, meaning 'to mould'.



Some plastics are derived from natural sources, some are semi-synthetic (the result of chemical action on a natural substance), and some are entirely synthetic, that is, chemically engineered from the constituents of coal or oil.

> are derived from natural sources
>
> that is, chemically engineered from the constituents of coal or oil



 Some are 'thermoplastic', which means that, like candlewax, they melt when heated and can then be reshaped. 

> melt
>
> can then be reshaped. 



Others are 'thermosetting': like eggs, they cannot revert to their original viscous state, and their shape is thus fixed for ever.

> revert to their original viscous state



Bakelite had the distinction of being the first totally synthetic thermosetting plastic.

>  had the distinction of



The impetus behind the development of these early plastics was generated by a number of factors - immense technological progress in the domain of chemistry, coupled with wider cultural changes, and the pragmatic need to find acceptable substitutes for dwindling supplies of 'luxury' materials such as tortoiseshell and ivory.

> The impetus behind the development of
>
> immense technological progress
>
> in the domain of
>
> coupled with
>
> acceptable substitutes
>
> for dwindling supplies



Baekeland's interest in plastics began in 1885 when, as a young chemistry student in Belgium, he embarked on research into phenolic resins, the group of sticky substances produced when phenol (carbolic acid) combines with an aldehyde (a volatile fluid similar to alcohol)

> he embarked on  = he start on
>
> phenolic resins
>
> the group of sticky substances
>
> combines with



He soon abandoned the subject, however, only returning to it some years later. 

> abandoned the subject
>
> only returning to it some years later. 



By 1905 he was a wealthy New Yorker, having recently made his fortune with the invention of a new photographic paper.

> made his fortune with
>
> 



While Baekeland had been busily amassing dollars, some advances had been made in the development of plastics.

> busily amassing dollars
>
> some advances had been made



The years 1899 and 1900 had seen the patenting of the first semi-synthetic thermosetting material that could be manufactured on an industrial scale

> manufactured on an industrial scale



In purely scientific terms, Baekeland's major contribution to the field is not so much the actual discovery of the material to which he gave his name, but rather the method by which a reaction between phenol and formaldehyde could be controlled, thus making possible its preparation on a commercial basis. 

> In purely scientific terms
>
> actual discovery
>
> but rather the method
>
> thus making possible its **preparation** on a commercial basis



On 13 July 1907, Baekeland took out his famous patent describing this preparation, the essential features of which are still in use today.

> describing this preparation
>
> essential features ≈ principle



The original patent outlined a three-stage process, in which phenol and formaldehyde (from wood or coal) were initially combined under vacuum inside a large egg-shaped kettle. 

> initially combined under vacuum
>
> kettle



The result was a resin known as Novalak, which became soluble and malleable when heated.

> became soluble and malleable



The resin was allowed to cool in shallow trays until it hardened, and then broken up and ground into powder. 

> shallow trays
>
> until it hardened
>
> broken up and ground into powder



Other substances were then introduced: including fillers, such as woodflour, asbestos or cotton, which increase strength and moisture resistance, catalysts (substances to speed up the reaction between two chemicals without joining to either) and hexa, a compound of ammonia and formaldehyde which supplied the additional formaldehyde necessary to form a thermosetting resin.

> a compound of 



This resin was then left to cool and harden, and ground up a second time.

> and ground up a second time.





The resulting granular powder was raw Bakelite, ready to be made into a vast range of manufactured objects. In the last stage, the heated Bakelite was poured into a hollow mould of the required shape and subjected to extreme heat and pressure, thereby 'setting' its form for life.

> granular powder
>
> subjected to extreme heat and pressure
>
> thereby 'setting' its form for life.



The design of Bakelite objects, everything from earrings to television sets, was governed to a large extent by the technical requirements of the moulding process. 

> from earrings to television sets
>
> was governed to
>
> a large extent



The object could not be designed so that it was locked into the mould and therefore difficult to extract.

> The object could not be designed so that it was locked into the mould and therefore difficult to extract.



 A common general rule was that objects should taper towards the deepest part of the mould, and if necessary the product was moulded in separate pieces. 

> should taper towards the deepest part of the mould



Moulds had to be carefully designed so that the molten Bakelite would flow evenly and completely into the mould. 

> the molten Bakelite



Sharp corners proved impractical and were thus avoided, giving rise to the smooth, 'streamlined' style popular in the 1930s. 

> Sharp corners proved impractical



Baekeland's invention, although treated with disdain in its early years, went on to enjoy an unparalleled popularity which lasted throughout the first half of the twentieth century.

> although..... verb ..... type of sentence
>
> treated with disdain
>
> an unparalleled popularit



 It became the wonder product of the new world of industrial expansion - 'the material of a thousand uses'. 

> the wonder product



Being both non-porous and heat-resistant, Bakelite kitchen goods were promoted as being germ-free and sterilisable.

> non-porous
>
> heat-resistant
>
> were promoted as
>
> germ-free and sterilisable.



Electrical manufacturers seized on its insulating properties, and consumers everywhere relished its dazzling array of shades, delighted that they were now, at last, no longer restricted to the wood tones and drab browns of the pre-plastic era.

> on its insulating properties
>
> dazzling array of shades
>
> restricted to
>
> pre-plastic era



It then fell from favour again during the 1950s, and was despised and destroyed in vast quantities. Recently, however, it has been experiencing something of a renaissance, with renewed demand for original Bakelite objects in the collectors' marketplace, and museums, societies and dedicated individuals once again appreciating the style and originality of this innovative material.

> fell from favour
>
> despised and destroyed in vast quantities
>
> renaissance
>
> appreciating the style





## Reading Database T2P2

### 题目部分

Current thinking on humour has largely ignored Aristotle’s view on the subject.

mei gao dong



### 正文部分



The writer Arthur Koestler dubbed it the luxury reflex: 'unique in that it serves no apparent biological purpose'.

matching question 14.

> dubbed it the luxury reflex
>
> unique in
>
> serves no apparent
>
> biological purpose



Plato expressed the idea that humour is simply a delighted feeling of superiority over others. 

matching questions 15.

> a delighted feeling
>
> of superiority over others. 



Kant and Freud felt that joke-telling relies on building up a psychic tension which is safely punctured by the ludicrousness of the punchline.

matching questions 16.

> a psychic tension
>
> punctured by
>
> ludicrousness of the punchline



But most modern humour theorists have settled on some version of Aristotle's belief that jokes are based on a reaction to or resolution of incongruity, when the punchline is either a nonsense or, though appearing silly, has a clever second meaning.

matching question 17

> have settled on
>
> some version of Aristotle's belief
>
> or resolution of incongruity
>
> is either a nonsense or,



Graeme Ritchie, a computational linguist in Edinburgh, studies the linguistic structure of jokes in order to understand not only humour but language understanding and reasoning in machines. He says that while there is no single format for jokes, many revolve around a sudden and surprising conceptual shift. A comedian will present a situation followed by an unexpected interpretation that is also apt.

matching questions 18.





He says that while there is no single format for jokes, many revolve around a sudden and surprising conceptual shift. A comedian will present a situation followed by an unexpected interpretation that is also apt.

matching questions 19.





Rats produce ultrasonic squeaks to prevent their scuffles turning nasty. Chimpanzees have a 'play-face' - a gaping expression accompanied by a panting 'ah, ah' noise.

matching questions 20.

> ultrasonic squeaks
>
> scuffles turning nasty
>
> Chimpanzees have a 'play-face'
>
> a gaping expression
>
> accompanied by a panting 



Although Goel felt being inside a brain scanner was hardly the ideal place for appreciating a joke, he found evidence that understanding a joke involves a widespread mental shift. His scans showed that at the beginning of a joke the listener's prefrontal cortex lit up, particularly the right prefrontal believed to be critical for problem solving. But there was also activity in the temporal lobes at the side of the head (consistent with attempts to rouse stored knowledge) and in many other brain areas. Then when the punchline arrived, a new area sprang to life - the orbital prefrontal cortex. This patch of brain tucked behind the orbits of the eyes is associated with evaluating information.

matching questions 21\22\23







## Reading Database T3P1

### 题目部分

details of the range of family types involved in an education programme

> details of the range of family types
>
> involved in an education programme



...continued with follow-up assistance in elementary schools

> follow-up assistance
>
> in elementary schools



### 正文部分

The report argued for enhanced equity of access and better funding for childcare and early childhood education institutions.

> argued for
>
> equity of access
>
> better funding



Furthermore, research has shown that while every child is born with a natural curiosity, it can be suppressed dramatically during the second and third years of life. 

> with a natural curiosity
>
> be suppressed dramatically





In an attempt to overcome that educational under-achievement, a nationwide programme called 'Headstart' was launched in the United States in 1965. 

> In an attempt to overcome
>
> educational under-achievement



 A lot of money was poured into it.

> poured into it



Despite substantial funding, results have been disappointing.

> Despite substantial funding



The 'Missouri' programme was predicated on research showing that working with the family, rather than bypassing the parents, is the most effective way of helping children get off to the best possible start in life.

> was predicated on research
>
> bypassing the parents
>
> get off to the best possible



The four-year pilot study included 380 families who were about to have their first child and who represented a cross-section of socio-economic status, age and family configurations.

> who were about to have their first child 
>
> The four-year pilot study 
>
> represented
>
> cross-section of socio-economic status, age and family configurations.



Periodic check-ups of the child's educational and sensory development (hearing and vision) were made to detect possible handicaps that interfere with growth and development.

>Periodic check-ups
>
>sensory development
>
>detect possible handicaps
>
>interfere with



Medical problems were referred to professionals.

>  referred to



At the age of three, the children who had been involved in the 'Missouri' programme were evaluated alongside a cross-section of children selected from the same range of socio-economic backgrounds and family situations, and also a random sample of children that age.

> were evaluated alongside
>
> cross-section of
>
> the same range of socio-economic backgrounds



The results were phenomenal.

> phenomenal



By the age of three, the children in the programme were significantly more advanced in language development than their peers, had made greater strides in problem solving and other intellectual skills, and were further along in social development.

> than their peers
>
> greater strides
>
> were further along in 



Most important of all, the traditional measures of 'risk', such as parents' age and education, or whether they were a single parent, bore little or no relationship to the measures of achievement and language development.

> bore little or no relationship



Child abuse was virtually eliminated.

> abuse
>
> virtually eliminated.



Children in the programme performed equally well regardless of socio-economic disadvantages.

> performed equally well
>
> regardless of



The one factor that was found to affect the child s development was family stress leading to a poor quality of parent-child interaction. That interaction was not necessarily bad in poorer families.

> stress leading
>
> to a poor quality of parent-child interaction.
>
> That interaction was not necessarily bad 



here is growing evidence in New Zealand that children from poorer socio-economic backgrounds are arriving at school less well developed and that our school system tends to perpetuate that disadvantage.

> arriving at 
>
> school less well developed
>
> perpetuate that disadvantage



The initiative outlined above could break that cycle of disadvantage.

> initiative outlined
>
> break that cycle of disadvantage.



The concept of working with parents in their homes, or at their place of work, contrasts quite markedly with the report of the Early Childhood Care and Education Working Group.

> contrasts quite markedly



Their focus is on getting children and mothers access to childcare and institutionalised early childhood education.

> access to
>
> institutionalised early childhood education.



Education from the age of three to five is undoubtedly vital, but without a similar focus on parent education and on the vital importance of the first three years, some evidence indicates that it will not be enough to overcome educational inequity.

> vital importance
>
> evidence indicates
>
> overcome educational inequity.





## Reading Database T4P1

### 题目部分

Some of the disruptive effects of wilderness tourism

> disruptive effects of wilderness tourism

Fragile regions and the reasons for the expansion of tourism there

> Fragile
>
> the expansion of

Traditional food-gathering in desert societies was distributed evenly over the year.

>  distributed evenly

### 正文部分

The market for tourism in remote areas is booming as never before. Countries all across the world are actively promoting their ‘wilderness’ regions - such as mountains, Arctic lands, deserts, small islands and wetlands - to high-spending tourists. The attraction of these areas is obvious: by definition, wilderness tourism requires little or no initial investment. But that does not mean that there is no cost. 

> actively promoting
>
> to high-spending tourists
>
> requires little or no initial investment

> Note, this paragraph contains important information



There has also been a renaissance in communal cheese production in the area, providing the locals with a reliable source of income that does not depend on outside visitors.

> a renaissance in communal cheese production

