---
title: Speaking Reference
date: 2024-04-24 07:25:44
permalink: /pages/bed946/
categories:
  - 英语学习
  - 雅思考试攻略
tags:
  - 
author: 
  name: TommyZeng
  link: https://tommyzeng.com/pages/1b697e/
---
## 剑雅18 T1P1

1. What kinds of bills do you have to pay?

   > Well, as an adult living in China, I have to pay a bunch of bills to keep my life going smoothly. For example, I need to take care of my rent, my utility bills for electricity, gas, and water, my phone and internet bills and transportation fees. These bills are super important to keep me living comfortably and keep my credit score in good shape. 

   <!--more-->

2. How do you usually pay your bills – in cash or by another method? [Why?]

   > Well, I’m a big fan of using auto deduction to pay my bills, as it avoids all the hassle of manual bill paying. So, the money is just deducted from my bank account or Alipay account directly. One thing I like about using it is that it really helps with budgeting, as payment amount is more predictable. But I still need to keep track of account balances to get rid of overdraft fees or other issues. 

3. Have you ever forgotten to pay a bill? [Why/Why not?]

   > As I said, I’ve been using automatic bill deduction for a while, so I haven’t forgotten to pay a bill in recent years. It’s a really helpful tool because it automatically pays bills on a regular basis without me having to do it myself. This way, I don’t have to worry about late fees or damaging my credit score from missed payments.

4. Is there anything you could do to make your bills cheaper? [Why/Why not?]

   > Yeah, there are definitely ways to make bills cheaper. I could try to reduce my energy consumption by unplugging electronics, using energy-efficient home appliances, and adjusting temperature settings. And for mobile phone and Internet bills, I could consider switching to a cheaper plan. But then again, some bills like rent and insurance are fixed, so there’s not much I can do to lower those costs. 



