---
title: Speaking Corpus
date: 2024-04-28 17:04:46
permalink: /pages/d4e9b0/
categories:
  - 英语学习
  - 雅思考试攻略
tags:
  - 
author: 
  name: TommyZeng
  link: https://tommyzeng.com/pages/1b697e/
---

::: note
2024年第一季度（1-4月）雅思口语题库
:::
<!--more-->
---

## 第一章 Part 1

| 必考话题            | 必考话题       | 必考话题      | 必考话题             |
| ------------------- | -------------- | ------------- | -------------------- |
| Study/work          | Hometown       | Accommodation | The area you live in |

| 本季新题            | 本季新题       | 本季新题      | 本季新题             |
| ------------------- | -------------- | ------------- | -------------------- |
| Sunglasses          | Social media   | Memory        | Cake or dessert      |
| Video games         | Colors         | Singing       | Advertising          |
| Celebrity news      | Feel bored     | Crowded place | Money                |

| 保留旧题            | 保留旧题       | 保留旧题      | 保留旧题             |
| ------------------- | -------------- | ------------- | -------------------- |
| Fishing             | Geography      | Cinema        | Coffee or tea        |
| Musical instruments | Robots         | Noise         | Running              |
| Chatting            | Helping others | Maps          | Clothes              |
| Gifts               | Transport      | Traveling     |                      |

### 一 、Part1 必考话题

#### Study

1. Do you work or are you a student?
2. What subject are you studying?
3. Why did you choose that subject?
4. What would you like to do in the future?
5. What are the most popular subjects in China?
6. Do you think it’s important to choose a subject you like?
7. Are you looking forward to working?
8. Do you like your subject? (Why? / Why not?)
9. Do you prefer to study in the mornings or in the afternoons?
10. Is your subject interesting to you?
11. Is there any kind of technology you can use in study?
12. What kind of learning method helps you?
13. How many hours a week do you study for?
14. Is there any difference between the study life of you and your parents?



#### Work

1. What work do you do?
2. Why did you choose to do that type of job?
3. Do you like your job?
4. Do you miss being a student?
5. Is it very interesting?
6. Is there any kind of technology you use at work?
7. Can you manage your time well when you work?
8. Who helps you most at work?
9. How many hours a week do you work for?

 

#### Hometown

1. Has your hometown changed much these years?
2. Is that a big city or a small place?
3. How long have you been living here?
4. For you, what benefits are there living in a big city?
5. Is there anything you dislike about it?
6. What do you like most about your hometown?
7. Where in your country do you live?



#### Accommodation

1. Are the transport facilities in your city very good?
2. Which room does your family spend most of the time in?
3. Do you live in a house or a flat?
4. Do you plan to live here for a long time?
5. Do you live alone or with your family?
6. How long have you lived there?

7. What do you usually do in your house/flat/room?
8. Which is your favourite room in your home?
9. What's the difference between where you are living now and where you lived in the past? (If you want to say you have not lived elsewhere)
10. What can you see when you look out the window of your room?
11. Would you be willing to live in the countryside in the future?



#### The area you live in

1. Do you like the area that you live in now?
2. Do you think the area you live in now is suitable for people of all ages? 3.  Are people in your area friendly?
3. How has your area changed in recent years?
4. Do you know any famous people in your area?
5. Where do you like to go in your area?







### 二 、Part 1保留旧题

#### Fishing

1. Do you like eating fish?
2. Is fishing popular in your country?
3. Have you ever been to a place where there are lots of fish around you? 4.   Have you seen any movies featuring lots of fish?
4. Why do some people like fishing?
5. Where can you see fish?

#### Geography

1. Have you ever studied geography at school?
2. Do you like geography?
3. Do you want to travel to a country because of its geographical conditions? 4.   Do you want to be a geography teacher?
4. Do you think geography is useful?

#### Cinema

1. Did you often go to the cinema when you were a child?
2. Do you often go to the cinema with your friends?
3. Do you still like the same kind of movie which you liked when you were a child? 4.   What genres of films do you like?
4. Do you think going to the cinema is a good way to spend time with friends?



#### Coffee or tea

1. Do you like to drink coffee or tea?
2. How often do drink coffee or tea?
3. Do Chinese people like to drink coffee or tea?
4. Do you prefer to use tea or coffee to serve your guests?
5. When was the last time you drank coffee or tea?



#### Musical instruments

1. Do you know how to play a musical instrument?
2. Do you think students should learn to play musical instruments at school? 3.   Have you taken any classes on musical instruments in school?
3. Which musical instrument do you like?
4. How easy would it be to learn to play a musical instrument without a teacher?

 

#### Robots

1. How do robots affect our lives?
2. Are you interested in robots?
3. Did you like any films about robots when you were a child?
4. Do you use robots in daily life?

5. Will you feel comfortable ifyou are on a car driven by a robot?



#### Noise

1. Do you like to stay in a noisy place?
2. Are there any quiet places in your city?
3. Do people have the right to make noise?
4. Do you like loud music?

#### Running

1. Do you like running?
2. Where do you run?
3. Which places do you think are perfect for running?
4. Do you think running is a good way to stay healthy?

#### Chatting

1. Do you often chat with friends?
2. Do you prefer to chat online or face to face?
3. Do you prefer group chat and individual chat?
4. What will you do ifyou have disagreement with others?

#### Helping others

1. Do you usually help people around you?
2. How do you help people around you?
3. Do your parents teach you how to help others?
4. What have you done to help the elderly?

 

#### Maps

1. How often do you use maps on your phone?
2. Are you good at using maps?
3. Are there any maps in your home?

#### Clothes

1. How much time do you spend in choosing clothes every day?
2. Do you prefer casual clothes or smart clothes?
3. Did you choose your own clothes when you were young?

#### Gifts

1. What kinds of gifts do you usually like receiving
2. Are you good at choosing gifts?
3. Have you ever given a person a gift you made yourself?
4. What do you consider when choosing a gift?

 

#### Transport

1. How do you go to work/school?
2. Is driving to work popular in your country?
3. Do you think people will drive more in the future?



 

#### Traveling

1. Do you like travelling?
2. How often do you go travelling?
3. Where do you usually travel?
4. How do you feel when you are travelling?



### 三 、Part 1 新题

#### Sunglasses

1. Do you often wear sunglasses?
2. Do you spend a lot of money on sunglasses?
3. Do you give sunglasses as a gift?
4. Why do you wear sunglasses ?

#### Social media

1. When did you start to use social media?
2. Do you think you spend too much time on social media?
3. Do your friends use social media?
4. What do people do on social media?

 

#### Memory

1. What do you have to remember to do every day?
2. Is it easy for you to forget to do these things?
3. Are you good at memorizing things?
4. How do you help yourself to remember things ?
5. Have you ever forgotten something important?

#### Cake or dessert

1. Do you like cakes?
2. Did you like eating cakes when you were young?
3. Do you know how to bake a cake?
4. Why do some people dislike sweet food?
5. Are there any traditional Chinese desserts?

#### Video games

1. Do you play video games?
2. What kinds of video games do you like to play?
3. Is it good for young people to play video games?
4. Do you often watch others play video games?

#### Colors

1. What is your favourite colour?
2. Do any colors have a special meaning in your culture?
3. What colour of clothes do you not like to wear?
4. What is your preferred car colour for purchase?

#### Singing

1. Do you like singing?
2. Do you have any singing classes at school?
3. Do you think there are many Chinese that can sing?

4. Do you think singing can bring happiness to people?

#### Advertising

1. Do you like advertisements on TV or some other products?
2. Were there any advertisements that impressed you when you were young? 3.   Will you do work related to advertising?
3. What kind of advertisements are shown in public places ?

 

#### Celebrity news

1. Do you pay attention to famous people in the news?
2. Do you think news reports about famous people are always true?
3. What kind of famous people do you often see in the news?
4. Who is your favorite celebrity in your country?

#### Feel bored

1. Do you often feel bored?
2. What kinds of things would make you feel bored?
3. What will you do ifyou feel bored?
4. Do you think childhood is boring or adulthood is boring?

#### Crowded place

1. ls the city where you live crowded?
2. Is there a crowded place near where you live?
3. Do you like crowded places?
4. When was the last time you were in a crowded place?

 

#### Money

1. How do you save money?
2. What do you think of e-payment?
3. Do you often use credit cards?
4. Do you think cash will still be popular in the future?
5. Do you like spending money or saving money?





## 第二章 Part 2&3

依然按照【人 、事 、物 、地】四大类分类

### 新旧题目变化情况

#### 人people

本季新题
Describe a person you know who likes to talk a lot.
Describe a person who works well in a team.
Describe a person who is good at making people feel welcome in his/her home.
保留旧题
Describe a foreigner who can speak Chinese well
Describe a person you know who likes to cook for others.
Describe a famous athlete you know.
Describe an interesting person you never met but you would like to know more about him/her.
Describe a successful business person you admire.
Describe a person you study/work with who is successful in his/her life. Describe a person who has interesting ideas or opinions.

#### 事件event

本季新题
Describe an occasion when you had to do something in a hurry
Describe a time when you used a map
Describe an interesting activity you enjoyed most in your primary school. Describe an important travel that was delayed.
Describe a time when you found something that somebody lost
Describe an interesting conversation you had with an old person.
Describe a time when you were very busy.
Describe an occasion when you heard someone complaining about something in a public place (e.g. restaurant or store).
Describe an unusual holiday you had.
Describe an outdoor activity you did recently
Describe a time when you helped someone.
Describe a time when someone near you made a lot of noise.
Describe a time when you bought something from a street or outdoor market.
保留旧题
Describe a time when you had a problem with using the computer
Describe a time when you waited a long time for a nice thing. Describe a time when something changed your life in a good way. Describe an activity you did that made  you feel tired.
Describe a party you enjoyed.
Describe a bad service you received in a restaurant or shop
Describe a piece of good advice that you gave to someone.
Describe a difficult task that you completed at work/study and you felt proud of the experience.

Describe an exciting activity you did with others.



#### 物品object具体物品

本季新题
Describe a useful object in your home that you found useless but cannot live without
now.
Describe a uniform (in a school or a company) that you have worn.
保留旧题
Describe a photo that makes you happy.
Describe a painting/drawing you enjoy looking at



#### 抽象物品

本季新题
Describe a job you don't want to do in the future.
Describe a skill that you learned when you were a teenager.
Describe a life-long goal you would like to achieve.
Describe something that helps you to focus on study/work
Describe a movie you watched that made you have strong feelings.
保留旧题
Describe a rule that is important in your school or at work.
Describe one area of science (medicine, physics and etc,) that sounds interesting to
you.
Describe a good advertisement that you think is useful.
Describe a historical period you want to know more about.

#### 地点Place

本季新题
Describe a place where you are able to relax.
Describe a public facility (e.g. a museum, a library) that has been improved in your area.
保留旧题
Describe a place in your country that you think is interesting.
Describe a park or garden in your city.
Describe a beautiful city you have visited.



---

### 一 、 人物people




新题
Part 2
Describe a person you know who likes to talk a lot.
You should say:
Who this person is
How you knew this person
What he/she usually talks about
And explain how you feel about him/her

Part 3
1.How should parents encourage their children to express themselves when being asked questions that they are afraid to answer?
2. Why do some children talk more than their peers?
3. What kind of professions involve talking to groups of people?


Part 2
Describe a person who works well in a team.
You should say:
Who this person is
When you worked together
What team project you worked on
And explain why you think he/she works well

Part 3
1. What qualities should a leader have?
2. Do you think everyone can become team leaders?
3. Why do some people dislike teamwork?
4. Do you think young people are good team players?


Part 2
Describe a person who is good at making people feel welcome in his/her home. You should say:
Who he/she is
When and how you met him/her
How he/she welcomes visitors
And explain why you think he/she is good at welcoming visitors

Part 3
1. What do you think of using food to treat visitors?
2. Do people in your country often invite others to their homes?
3. What kind of people are more likely to invite others to their homes?




旧题
Part 2
Describe a foreigner who can speak Chinese well.
You should say:
Who he/she is
How you know him/her
Why he/she can speak Chinese well
And explain how you feel about this person

Part 3
1.    When do students in China start to learn foreign languages?
2.    What qualities should a language teacher have?
3.    Do you have any techniques in learning languages?
4.    Compared with adults, do you think it is faster for children to learn languages? 5.    How does technology influence language learning?


Part 2
Describe a person you know who likes to cook for others.
You should say:
Who this person is
What he/she likes to cook
How this person learned to cook
And explain why this person likes to cook for others.


Part 3
1.    What do we need to prepare when we cook?
2.    Do you agree that food is an important part of Chinese festivals?
3.    Should children learn cooking in school?
4.    Do you think cooking should be a compulsory or an elective course at school? Why?

Part 2
Describe a famous athlete you know.
You should say:
Who he/she is
How you knew him/her
What he/she has achieved
And explain why he/she is famous

Part 3
1.    What kinds of exercises do Chinese people like to do?
2.    What characteristics do you think an athlete should have?
3.    Do you think PE classes should be replaced by academic classes? 4.    How can people know whether a child has talent for sports?



Part 2
Describe an interesting person you never met but you would like to know more about him/her.
You should say:
Who this person is
How you knew him/her
Why you think he/she is interesting
And explain how you feel about this person

Part 3
1.    Compared with the countryside, do you think big cities are more suitable for children?
2.    Do you think people nowadays prefer online talking to face-to-face talk?
3.    Do you think it is easier for people in cities to feel lonely than those living in the countryside?
4.    Where and how can people get to know new acquaintances?


Part 2
Describe a successful business person you admire.
You should say:
Who this person is
What kind of business this person does
Why this person are successful
And explain why you admire this person

Part 3
1.    Are there many family businesses in your country?
2.    What are the advantages of working in a family business?
3.    What do you think is the most important quality of an employee?
4.    Is it easy for a business to be successful without affecting the environment? 5.    Do happy employees help to run a company?


Part 2
Describe a person you study with who is successful in his/her life. You should say: Who this person is
How you knew him/her
What makes him/her successful
And explain how you feel about this person

Part 3
1.    Do you think a successful person can be popular at the same time?     2.    Which one is more important? Being popular or having good grades?
3.    Do you think students who do well in academic study will be become successful later in life?
4.    Do you think rich people are successful?
5.    Do you think it is easier for people to become successful nowadays than in the past?
6.    What do people need to sacrifice in order to be successful?





Part 2
Describe a person who has interesting ideas or opinions.
You should say:
Who this person is
How you knew him/her
What this person does
And explain why you think his/her ideas or opinions are interesting

Part 3
1.    How do inventors and philosophers come up with new ideas?
2.    Do you think children should have their own opinions?
3.    Why do children often have similar opinions to their parents?
4.    Do you think teachers influence students ’ opinions?





### 二 、 事件event




新题
Part 2
Describe an occasion when you had to do something in a hurry.
You should say:
What you had to do
Why you had to it in a hurry
How well you did this
And explain how you felt about having to do this in a hurry

Part 3
1. Do you often make decisions quickly in life?
2. What are the benefits of making decisions quickly?
3. Do you think we should leave enough time or limited time for decision-making processes?
4. What can make people become more productive than others in completing tasks? 5. What kind of jobs need to be done quickly?


Part 2
Describe a time when you used a map.
You should say:
When you used the map
Where you were
Why you used the map
And explain how you felt about the experience

Part 3
1. What do people usually do when they get lost?
2. What are the differences between paper and digital maps?
3. What do you think of in-car GPS navigation?
4. How does learning to read a map help you learn more about your country?


Part 2
Describe an interesting activity you enjoyed most in your primary school You should say:
What the activity was
How often you did it
Who you did it with
And explain why you enjoyed doing it

Part 3
1.  What activities do children often do in your country?



2.  At what time do children often have activities ?
3.  Does technology affect children ’s activities?
4.  What are the differences between activities at home and school?


Part 2
Describe an important travel that was delayed.
You should say:
Where you were going
Why it was important
Why it was delayed
And explain how you felt about this experience

Part 3
1. Do people prefer travelling by air or by train?
2. Do you think people will still drive cars even ifpublic transport is free of charge? 3. Do you think transportation has improved a lot compared with the past?
4. Are there any ways to enhance transportation efficiency in China?
5. How can transportation in rural areas be improved?


Part 2
Describe a time when you found something that somebody lost.
You should say:
What it was
Where and when it happened
What happened then
And explain how you felt about this experience

Part 3
1. What kinds of things do people often lose?
2. Why do some people easily find something lost by others
3. Should parents teach children to return things?
4. Why do some people like collecting things from the past?
5. Where can people collect things from the past?
6.Do you think collecting things is a good habit?


Part 2
Describe an interesting conversation you had with an old person
You should say:
Who you had it with
Where you had it
What the conversation was
And explain how you felt about this conversation

Part 3
1. Do you think old people should learn from young people?
2. Do you think young people should learn from old people?
3. What can old people teach young people?



4. What are the advantages of having people of different ages living in the same house?


Part 2
Describe a time when you were very busy
You should say:
When it happened
Where you were
What you did
And explain why you were very busy

Part 3
1. Why do people often feel tired in this day and age?
2. Do you think people will feel even more tired in the future?
3. How does technology help with time management?
4. Do you think being busy is a good thing?


Part 2
Describe an occasion when you heard someone complaining about something in a public place (e.g. restaurant or store).
You should say:
Where and where it happened
What he/she complained about
What the result was
And explain how you felt about the experience

Part 3
1.Why do some companies find it difficult to deal with complaints?
2. How do companies train their staff to deal with complaints?
3. Which one is more effective to make a complaint, writing a letter or talking face to face?
4. On what occasions are people more likely to make complaints?
5. How should companies react to complaints?


Part 2
Describe an unusual holiday you had
You should say:
When and where you went
Who you went with
What you did during the holiday
And explain why it was unusual

Part 3
1. Do you think people in your country have long enough holidays?
2. What are the differences between the ways young and old people spend their holidays?
3. Why do people often travel abroad?
4. Do you think young people and old people travel abroad for the same reason?





Part 2
Describe an outdoor activity you did recently
You should say:
What the activity was
When and where you did it
Who you did it with
And explain whether you enjoyed it

Part 3
1. Do people go outdoors more or less now than in the past?
2. What can people do outdoors besides exercising?
3. What can people do to get close to nature?
4. When do people usually go outdoors to get close to nature?


Part 2
Describe a time when you helped someone.
You should say:
Where you helped him or her
Why you helped him or her
How you helped him or her
And explain how you felt about it

Part 3
1. Should people be very kind when they help others?
2. Should children be taught to be kind to others?
3. What kind of advice should parents give to their children?
4. Can children provide any help for parents?


Part 2
Describe a time when someone near you made a lot of noise
You should say:
Where you heard the noise
Who made the noise
How you reacted to the noise
And explain how you felt about the noise

Part 3
1. What kinds of places should be noise-free?
2. Why are people forbidden to make noise in churches?
3. Do you think young children should be strictly forbidden from making any noises?


Part 2
Describe a time when you bought something from a street or outdoor market. You should say:
Where it is



How you knew it
What kind of things you bought there
And explain how you felt about this experience

Part 3
1. Why do some people like to buy luxuries?
2. Do you think small markets will disappear in the future?
3. What are the differences between shopping in street markets and big shopping malls?
4. Do you think the goods sold at discount stores do not have good quality?

旧题
Part 2
Describe a time when you had a problem with using the computer.
You should say:
What the problem was
When and where it happened
How you solved the problem
And explain how you felt about this experience

Part 3
1.Where can people learn to use electronic devices?
2.Do you think social media platforms like Youku or YouTube are good places for people to learn to use electronic devices?
3.Do you think current electronic devices are better than those in the past? 4.Why do people often have problems when using new products?


Part 2
Describe a time when you waited a long time for a nice thing
You should say:
When it happened
How long you waited
What you waited for
And explain why you waited a long time

Part 3
1. On what occasions do people usually need to wait?
2. Why do most children have difficulty in waiting for a long time?
3. Do you think waiting is harder now?
4. What can parents do to help children become more patient?


Part 2
Describe a time when something changed your life in a good way.
You should say:
When it happened
Where it happened
What the thing was



And explain how it changed your life in a good way

Part 3
1. How do you adapt to changes in life?
2. Who can adapt better to changes, children or adults?
3. Why do people quit and change jobs?
4. Do children like changing schools?
5. What are the disadvantages when people keep making changes?


Part 2
Describe an activity you did that made you feel tired.
You should say:
When it happened
Where it took place
What the activity was
And explain why it made you feel tired

Part 3
1.When do people usually feel tired?
2.What's the difference between tiredness caused by doing sport and study/work? 3. How much free time do you think office workers should have?
4.Do you think it is easier for people to feel tired today than 40 years ago?


Part 2
Describe a party you enjoyed.
You should say:
When you went to this party
Where the party was held
hat kind of party it was
And explain why you enjoyed this party

Part 3
1. What will you do ifyou are disturbed by your neighbor's party?
2. Why do people like parties while others don't?
3. Do you think music and dance are a must at a party?
4. Do people in China like to hold parties at home or in public places?
5. What are the differences between party at home and those held in public places?


Part 2
Describe a bad service you received in a restaurant or shop.
You should say:
When and where it happened
What happened
How you dealt with it
And explain how you felt about the experience
Part 3



1.What are some of the reasons bad service can occur?
2.How do most people respond to bad services?
3.Do you most restaurants and shops provide better services than in the past?


Part 2
Describe a piece of good advice that you gave to someone.
You should say:
Who you gave the advice to
What the advice was
Why you gave the advice

Part 3
1.What advice should children get from their parents?
2. Why do some children not follow their parents ’ advice?
3. Do you think it is necessary for us to listen to friends ’ advice?
4. What professions often give people advice?


Part 2
Describe a difficult task that you completed at work/study and you felt proud of the
experience.
You should say:
What the task was
How you completed it
Why the task was difficult
And explain why you were proud of the completion of this task

Part 3
1.What are the things that usually make people proud of?
2.What challenges do most young people face today?
3.How do young people handle difficult tasks?
4.What kinds of rewards do people receive from work?


Part 2
Describe an exciting activity you did with others.
You should say:
When it happened
What the activity was
Who you did it with
And explain why this activity was exciting

Part 3
1. What exciting activities do young people like to do?
2. What are the advantages of doing such activities?
3.Why do some people like to do risky activities?
4.Should old people do risky activities?



### 三 、 物品object




具体物品
新题
Part 2
Describe a useful object in your home that you found useless but cannot live without
now.
You should say:
What it is
What you can do with it
How often you use it
And explain why you cannot live without it

Part 3
1. What kind of household appliances do you find difficult to use?
2. Why do people sometimes buy useless things?
3.  Do you think expensive products and cheap ones are both useful?
4. What's the benefit of using laptops at work?


Part 2
Describe a uniform (in a school or a company) that you have worn.
You should say:
What it is like
When you usually wear it / wore it
Who bought it for you
And explain how you feel about it

Part 3
1. Why should students wear school uniforms?
2. Why do some students dislike wearing school uniforms?
3. What professions require people to wear uniforms?
4. What are the advantages and disadvantages of wearing a uniform at work and school?

Part 2
Describe a photo that makes you happy.
You should say:
What the photo is like
When and where you took this photo
How often you look at this picture
And explain why this photo makes you happy
Part 3



1.    Do people take more photos now than before?
2.    Do you think equipment is important to photography?
3.    Do you think being a professional photographer is a good job?


Part 2
Describe a drawing/painting you enjoy looking at. You should say:
When you first saw this drawing/painting
What the drawing/painting was about
Who drew/painted it
And explain how you feel about this drawing/painting

Part 3
1.    Why do some people keep a painting for a long time?
2.    Do you think it is important for children to learn painting at school? 3.    Why do some people attach importance to home decoration?
4.    Do you think the objects we use in our daily lives should be beautifully designed?

抽象物品
新题
Part 2
Describe a job you don't want to do in the future
You should say:
What it is
Where you knew it from
Why you think it is difficult or easy
And explain why you don't want to do it

Part 3
1.How do you think Al will affect people's work?
2.What would you say are the important factors to be considered when choosing a career?
3.Technology will make some people unemployed. How can this problem be solved? 4.Is it common in your country for people to move to other cities because of work?


Part 2
Describe a skill that you learned when you were a teenager.
You should say:
What the skill is
When and how you learned it
Who you learned it from
And explain why you learned it

Part 3
1. What are the differences between learning skills on your own and from others?
2. Do you think teachers are still necessary considering that there are many resources online?



3. Where do children learn skills in your country?
4. What important skills should children learn?


Part 2
Describe a life-long goal you would like to achieve
You should say:
What the goal is
How long you have had this goal
How you will achieve it
And explain why you set this goal

Part 3
1.What kind of goals do young people often have?
2. What kind of goals should a society have?
3. If your friend doesn't have any goals, what will you do to help her?
4. What can people do to achieve their goals?


Part 2
Describe something that helps you to focus on study/work
You should say:
What it is
How often you do it
When you start doing it
And explain how it helps you concentrate

Part 3
1. Do you think children need to have routines?
2. Do you think routines are important for companies?
3. What are the routine activities that old people and young people do in your country?  4. How do people organize their routine after getting up in the morning and after work?


Part 2
Describe a movie you watched that made you have strong feelings
You should say:
What it is about
When you watched it
How you knew this movie
And explain why it made you have strong feelings

Part 3
1. Do most people prefer to watch movies at home or in the cinema?
2. What kind of movies do you think need to be shown in the cinema to be fully appreciated?
3. What can cinemas do to attract more audiences?
4. Do you think people can learn about culture through movies?






Part 2
Describe a rule that is important in your school or at work
You should say:
What the rule is about
What will happen ifpeople break the rule
Why you think it is important
And explain how you feel about the rule

Part 3
1. What rules should people follow when using public transport?
2. Do parents in China ask their children to obey rules?
3. What rules should children follow at home?
4. What are the reasons that make people break rules?


Part 2
Describe one area of science (medicine, physics and etc.) that sounds interesting to
you.
You should say:
What it is
When you knew it
How you knew it
And explain why it sounds interesting to you


Part 3
1.    Why do some children not like learning science subjects at school? 2.    Should children be encouraged to learn science?
3.    Should people be encouraged to learn science after graduation?
4.    How do you get to know about scientific news?
5.    Should scientists explain the research process to the public?


Part 2
Describe a good advertisement that you think is useful.
You should say:
Where you can see it
What it is about
Why you think it is useful
And explain how you feel about it

Part 3
1.    How do you feel about online advertising?
2.    Are there any great online advertisements?
3.    Why does buying new things make people happy?
4.    Do people still watch useless advertisements nowadays?
5.    Do you think there is too much advertising in your daily life?




Part 2
Describe a historical period you want to know more about. You should say: What it is
How you know about this period of history
What you are interested in
And explain why you want to know more about this period

Part 3
1.    How do children learn history?
2.    Do you think everyone should know about history of their own country? 3.    Do you think it is hard to protect historical buildings?
4.    What are the differences between learning history from books and from videos? 5.    Who should be responsible for protecting historical buildings?

### 四 、 地点place

#### 新题

Part 2
Describe a place where you are able to relax.
You should say:
Where it is
What it is like
How often you go there
And explain how you feel about this place

Part 3
1. Do people have enough places to relax in your country?
2. What do people often do for relaxing?
3. Do you think spending too much time in front of the screen is good for relaxing? 4. Do people have to spend a lot of money on relaxing?


Part 2
Describe a public facility (e.g. a museum, a library) that has been improved in your
area.
You should say:
What the facility is
When it was built
What people do there
And explain what influence the facility has

Part 3
1.  Why are some means of public transport more popular than others, like the subway? 2.  What kind of transport do young people and old people prefer?
3.  What's the difference between the facilities in towns and in cities?
4.  Why are some public facilities not being used enough?
5.  Do you think public parks are necessary in in all areas of a city?
6.  Why do people feel released in parks and coffee shops?
7.  What facilities do young people and old people like in your country?
8.  What measures should be taken to deal with damage to public facilities?

#### 旧题

Part 2
Describe a place in your country that you think is interesting.
You should say：
Where it is
How you knew it
What special features it has
And explain you are interested in it





Part 3
1.    Do people in different regions of your country have different personalities? 2.    Do you think a great tourist city is a good place for living?
3.    Why do some people believe that small towns are more suitable for living than big cities?
4.    Do you think only youngsters like trying new things? What about people of your parents ’ age?


Part 2
Describe a park or garden in your city.
You should say:
Where it is
When you often go there
What you often do there
And explain what it is like

Part 3
1.    Do you think people should keep parks and gardens clean?
2.    Are public parks or gardens popular among people who live in cities? 3.    Why do some people like growing vegetables?
4.    Do you think people of all ages like to go to parks?
5.    What do old people like to do in parks?


Part 2
Describe a beautiful city you have visited.
You should say:
Where the city is
When you went there
Why you went there
And explain why it is beautiful

Part 3
1.    Why do some like to visit historical cities?
2.    Do you think it is hard to protect historical buildings?
3.    Who should be responsible for protecting historical buildings?
4.    Do you think those tall buildings in cities look similar?